howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
that all-important question which
candidate can beat Trump I know it's the
all-important question because it's all
the Democratic establishment will talk
about it's all they'll say should we run
a Latino a gay guy a woman maybe we
should play it safe and just run our own
white guy
it's a scary way to think about it a
scary scary way to think about it
because it really just moves everything
to the right doesn't it doesn't mean
you're adopting the policies of Trump to
help appeal to those voters see what you
say is which candidate can beat Trump
but the way you're going about it what I
hear is who can appeal to his voters the
problem with this is that I don't know
anybody in my circle of friends that
would even remotely support a candidate
that appealed to those bigots I know I
know right now somebody hope there's
going boh that's harsh you know just
because you voted for Trump doesn't mean
that you're a bigot you're right you're
right
that's unfair but you did have to make a
decision and you decided that bigotry
misogyny isn't a phobia and hatred in
general weren't bill breakers for you I
don't see a lot of the people I know
supporting a candidate that appeals to
that
well I don't support any of those things
I just didn't want Hillary to win then
you stay home you stay home that's the
moral thing to do you don't cosign evil
because you don't like the other
candidate that doesn't even make sense
everything the Trump is done the changes
in taxes that hit the little guy the
tariffs those kids and cages they got
sexually abused you did that if you
voted for it you did it it's how it
works you co-signed all of that you
empowered it the moral thing to do is
stay home really hope the Democratic
establishment is listening to that
because younger progressives they know
that that's what happened in 2016 if you
run a pro war corporate-owned candidate
they're gonna lose because the younger
people will stay home they'll do the
moral thing just like they did in 2016
if you look at the demographics from the
voters you'll find something really
interesting Trump didn't get a majority
of people in any age demographic until
you hit 50 years old or older
those fifty year olds on their 54mm
doesn't change anything but there's a
whole bunch of kids who are far more
progressive that can vote now but will
they not if you run Trump light you know
it said that if Hitler ran as a
Republican and Stalin ran as a Democrat
one of them would be president I don't
think that's a fair analogy though it's
more like if Hitler ran as a Republican
and the Democrats went and sought out
Hitler somebody that kind of appealed to
those people if the only platform the
candidate has is that they're not Trump
they're gonna lose they're gonna lose
don't try to steal votes from Trump
anybody that voted for Trump they're
gonna vote for him again because to
change their vote means they have to
change their mind they have to admit
that they were duped by that mango
Mussolini that they were wrong that they
were tricked that's really hard to admit
so they're gonna vote the same way but
by trying to appeal to them you're gonna
alienate all of those people that want
real change they're not going to show up
they'll do the moral thing and stay home
it's almost as if the Democratic
establishment is just dead set on
another four years of Trump don't look
at the physical characteristics of the
candidate and try to figure out who can
still votes from Trump support the
candidate that's got a platform that can
appeal to the 42% of eligible voters
they did the morale thing and stayed
home get a platform people can rally
behind you know represent the people of
this country in other words do your job
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night